WastelandA23_Addins
====================

The goal of this project is to create a database abstraction layer for Arma 3 (2 as well) to allow saving of objects from Arma 3 in a database with ease as well as loading those objects from that database and ultimately manipulating that data at the C# level.

Potential users may only need to write an apropriate data model in C# for their use case and make that compatible with an Arma3 script. Control over what fields are being considered is being facilitated by attributes.

The project consists of these major components:
- Modified version of Arma2Net: https://github.com/ScottNZ/Arma2NET
- Marshalling from a nested array generated by an Arma3 SQF-Script to a C# class hierachy 
- Mapping of those objects to an Entity Framework 6 based data model (Mapping w/ AutoMapper: https://github.com/AutoMapper/AutoMapper) which takes care of the database operations
- Marshalling from the data model back to a nested array notation wrapped as a string ready for Arma3 to consume
- Generation/Consumption of nested SQF arrays within the game is done with heavily modified scripts originally created by aeroson (http://www.armaholic.com/page.php?id=18967). The modified and usually latest versions can be found here: https://github.com/Rusk85/A3Wasteland_CLA_basedOn_404.Chernarus


So far marshalling from the game to the data model/database works for the most part. The other way around currently is at about a quarter done. What is lacking here is the last step of actually transforming an already nested primitive data structure (ListBlock) into a nested SQF-array notation wrapped as a string. Also the SQF-Script for consuming that array in-game needs to be adapted to the requirements of the original in-game output.

Currently a complete stateful loadout set for a player along with player information such as his/her PlayerUID and profile name is being stored to the data model/database and that loadout set will be reassigned to the player it belongs to in the end.


